good morning this is the day that the
lord has made let us rejoice and be glad
in it thank you for tuning in to
breakfast with Jesus hear the word of
the Lord Galatians 5 22 23 and the fruit
of the Spirit is love joy peace patience
kindness goodness faithfulness
gentleness self-control against such
there is no law by our fruit we are
known god the father is glorified when
we bear much fruit it means he is
evidently at work in our lives what a
detailed listing is given in Galatians
it's all ours in Christ Jesus made
possible by the total freedom the Holy
Spirit has in our lives as surrendered
disciples but have you ever wondered how
this itemized fruit come about perchance
by a transplantation or transfusion no
more likely we get more love because of
the less lovable people God allows into
our lives similarly joy comes because we
are faced with situations that crush a
residue of happiness and only the joy of
the Lord is our strength peace floods
our hearts because of the two motors and
stormy incidents in our sojourn
resulting in it is well with my soul and
patience comes as we learn not to impose
our timing on others and so on
god will orchestrate opportunities for
these to be cultivated in our life now
that off put adverse makes sense that
God makes all things work together for
good for your good and for the overall
goal the Potter has full say and sway
over the clay and the end product is
something he makes beautiful in his time
and every time
quotation from John Ortberg the decision
to grow always involves a choice between
risk and comfort this means that to be a
follower of Jesus you must renounce
comfort as the ultimate value of your
life breakfast with Jesus this is angle
you